# Segmented Report: Pure Storage, Inc. - Pure Storage Announces Fiscal Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Financial Results.txt

## Financial Highlights

Fourth Quarter and Full Year Financial Highlights Q4 revenue $789.8 million, a decrease of 3% year-over-year Full-year revenue $2.8 billion, up 3% year-over-year Q4 subscription services revenue $328.9 million, up 24% year-over-year Full-year subscription services revenue $1.2 billion, up 26% year-over-year Q4 subscription annual recurring revenue (ARR) $1.4 billion, up 25% year-over-year Remaining performance obligations (RPO) $2.3 billion, up 31% year-over-year Q4 GAAP gross margin 72.0%; non-GAAP gross margin 73.7% Full-year GAAP gross margin 71.4%; non-GAAP gross margin 73.2% Q4 GAAP operating income $57.4 million; non-GAAP operating income $157.8 million Full-year GAAP operating income $53.6 million; non-GAAP operating income $458.4 million Q4 GAAP operating margin 7.3%; non-GAAP operating margin 20.0% Full-year GAAP operating margin 1.9%; non-GAAP operating margin 16.2% Q4 operating cash flow $244.4 million; free cash flow $200.9 million Full-year operating cash flow $677.7 million; free cash flow $482.6 million Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities $1.5 billion Returned approximately $21.4 million and $135.7 million in Q4 and FY24, respectively, to stockholders through share repurchases of 0.6 million shares and 4.7 million shares, respectively. Authorized incremental share repurchases of up to an additional $250 million under its stock repurchase program. "We closed FY24 delivering strong RPO growth, and exceeded our revenue and operating margin

## Guidance

FY25 Guidance Q1 and FY25 revenue and revenue growth rates are reflective of continuing outperformance and increased momentum in Evergreen//One Storage-as-a-Service. Q1FY25 Revenue $680M Revenue YoY Growth Rate 15.4 % Non-GAAP Operating Income $68M Non-GAAP Operating Margin 10 % FY25 Revenue $3.1B Revenue YoY Growth Rate 10.5 % TCV Sales for Evergreen//One & Evergreen//Flex Subscription Service $600M Offerings GET STARTED NOW TCV Sales for Evergreen//One & Evergreen//Flex Subscription Service Approximately 50% Skip to main content Offerings YoY Growth Rate 3/15 23/08/2025, 12:37 Pure Storage, Inc. - Pure Storage Announces Fiscal Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Financial Results Non-GAAP Operating Income $532M  RESOURCES SUPPORT PARTNERS CONTACT BLOG Non-GAAP Operating Margin 17 % These statements are forward-looking and actual results may differ materially. Refer to the Forward Looking Statements section below for information on the factors that could cause our actual results INtoV dEiSffTeOr Rm HatOeMriaElly froNmE tWheSs &e EsVtaEtNemTSents. PurFeIN hAaNs CnIoAtL r eINcFoOnRciMleAdT iItOsN guidanceC OfoRr PnOoRnA-GTAE AGPOVERNAN operating income and non-GAAP operating margin to their most directly comparable GAAP measures because certain items that impact these measures are not within Pure's control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Accordingly, reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures guidance to the corresponding GAAP measures are not available without unreasonable effort.

## Share Repurchases

Share Repurchase Authorization Pure's audit committee has approved incremental share repurchases of up to an additional $250 million under its stock repurchase program, in addition to the $145 million remaining under the existing program authorization. The authorization allows Pure to repurchase shares of its Class A common stock opportunistically and will be funded from available working capital. Repurchases may be made at management's discretion from time to time on the open market through privately negotiated transactions, transactions structured through investment banking institutions, block purchase techniques, 10b5-1 trading plans, or a combination of the foregoing. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date, does not obligate Pure to acquire any of its common stock, and may be suspended or discontinued by the company at any time without prior notice.

## About Company

About Pure Storage Pure Storage (NYSE: PSTG) uncomplicates data storage, forever. Pure delivers a cloud experience INVESTOR HOME NEWS & EVENTS  FINANCIAL INFORMATION  CORPORATE GOVERNAN that empowers every organization to get the most from their data while reducing the complexity and expense of managing the infrastructure behind it. Pure's commitment to providing true storage as-a-service gives customers the agility to meet changing data needs at speed and scale, whether they are deploying traditional workloads, modern applications, containers, or more. Pure believes it can make a significant impact in reducing data center emissions worldwide through its environmental sustainability efforts, including designing products and solutions that enable customers to reduce their carbon and energy footprint. And with the highest Net Promoter Score in the industry, Pure's ever-expanding list of customers are among the happiest in the world. For more information, visit www.purestorage.com.

## Analyst Recognition

Analyst Recognition Leader in the 2023 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Primary Storage Leader in the 2023 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Distributed File Systems & Object Storage

