# Segmented Report: Pure Storage, Inc. - Pure Storage Announces Fiscal Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Financial Results.txt

## Financial Highlights

Fourth Quarter and Full Year Financial Highlights Q4 revenue $810.2 million, up 14% year-over-year Full-year revenue $2.8 billion, up 26% year-over-year Q4 subscription services revenue $265.1 million, up 23% year-over-year Full-year subscription services revenue $961.3 million, up 30% year-over-year Q4 subscription annual recurring revenue (ARR) $1.1 billion, up 30% year-over-year Remaining performance obligations (RPO) $1.8 billion, up 24% year-over-year Q4 GAAP gross margin 69.3%; non-GAAP gross margin 70.8% Full-year GAAP gross margin 68.9%; non-GAAP gross margin 70.7% Q4 GAAP operating income $64.6 million; non-GAAP operating income $158.6 million Full-year GAAP operating income $83.5 million; non-GAAP operating income $457.2 million Q4 GAAP operating margin 8.0%; non-GAAP operating margin 19.6% Full-year GAAP operating margin 3.0%; non-GAAP operating margin 16.6% Q4 operating cash flow $233.0 million; free cash flow $172.8 million Full-year operating cash flow $767.2 million; free cash flow $609.1 million Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities $1.6 billion Returned approximately $67.5 million and $219.0 million in Q4 and FY23, respectively, to stockholders through share repurchases of 2.4 million shares and 7.8 million shares, respectively Authorized incremental share repurchases of up to an additional $250 million under its stock repurchase program "Pure delivered strong Q4 financial results growing revenue 14% and achieving record operating profit and margin," said Kevan Krysler, CFO, Pure Storage. "We are confident that we will navigate the current macro backdrop, while focusing on our commitment to deliver long-term, profitable growth." GET STARTED NOW Fourth Quarter and Full Year

## Company Highlights

Fourth Quarter and Full Year Company Highlights Skip to main content 2/14 23/08/2025, 12:39 Pure Storage, Inc. - Pure Storage Announces Fiscal Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Financial Results Market-Leading Portfolio Innovation: In June 2022, Pure introduced the new  RESOURCES SUPPORT PARTNERS CONTACT BLOG FlashBlade//S family of products, built with a modular architecture that leverages a nearly unlimited scalable metadata architecture, offering more than double the density, performance, and power efficiency of previous versions. Additionally, Pure made two new offerings - Pure Fusion and Portworx Data Services - generally available in FY23. Today, Pure INVESTOR HOME NEWS & EVENTS  FINANCIAL INFORMATION  CORPORATE GOVERNAN announced the addition of FlashBlade//E, an unstructured data repository priced under $0.20 per GB. Strong Subscription Services Momentum: In FY23, Pure extended its as-a-Service model across the full suite of Portworx offerings and also advanced its portfolio of Evergreen offerings to include the new fleet-level Evergreen//Flex. Leadership in Sustainability: Pure released the first environmental impact analysis of its portfolio, which found that Pure's products can use as little as one-fifth the power of competitive storage offerings. Pure also introduced the first-of-it's-kind Energy Efficiency SLA guarantee for Evergreen//One. Industry Recognition: Pure was named a leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrants for both Primary Storage and Distributed File Systems & Object Storage, marking its 9th consecutive year as a leader. Pure was also named one of Fortune's Best Workplaces in Technology. FY24

## Guidance

FY24 Guidance FY24 Revenue Mid to High Single Digit Y/Y Growth Non-GAAP Operating Margin 15 % Q1FY24 Guidance will be provided during the

## Share Repurchases

Share Repurchase Authorization Pure's board of directors has authorized, and its audit committee has approved, incremental share repurchases of up to an additional $250 million under its stock repurchase program. The authorization allows Pure to repurchase shares of its Class A common stock opportunistically and will be funded from available working capital. Repurchases may be made at management's discretion from time to time on the open market through privately negotiated transactions, GET STARTED NOW transactions structured through investment banking institutions, block purchase techniques, 10b5-1 trading plans, or a combination of the foregoing. The repurchase program does not have an Skip to main content 3/14 23/08/2025, 12:39 Pure Storage, Inc. - Pure Storage Announces Fiscal Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Financial Results expiration date, does not obligate Pure to acquire any of its common stock, and may be  RESOURCES SUPPORT PARTNERS CONTACT BLOG suspended or discontinued by the company at any time without prior notice.

## About Company

About Pure Storage Pure Storage (NYSE: PSTG) uncomplicates data storage, forever. Pure delivers a cloud experience that empowers every organization to get the most from their data while reducing the complexity and expense of managing the infrastructure behind it. Pure's commitment to providing true storage as-a-service gives customers the agility to meet changing data needs at speed and scale, whether they are deploying traditional workloads, modern applications, containers, or more. Pure believes it can make a significant impact in reducing data center emissions worldwide through its environmental sustainability efforts, including designing products and solutions that enable customers to reduce their carbon and energy footprint. And with the highest Net Promoter Score in the industry, Pure's ever-expanding list of customers are among the happiest in the world. For more information, visit www.purestorage.com.

## Analyst Recognition

Analyst Recognition Leader in the 2022 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Primary Storage Leader in the 2022 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Distributed File Systems & Object Storage GET STARTED NOW

